Added setup documentation for enterprise bot management (#21486)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/bots/get-started/bot-management.mdx

:::note

If you are not seeing Bot Management enabled on your zone or if you still see **Add Bot Management** on the Cloudflare dashboard, contact your account team for the proper entitlements.
:::

## Setup

> Cloudflare recommends that you deploy these basic settings and customize them to traffic in your zone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloudflare recommends that you deploy the following basic settings and customize them according to the traffic in your zone.
```

> ### Enable The Latest ML Version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enable the latest Machine Learning version
```

> <Render file="latest-ml-model-enable" params={{ one: "Bot Management" }} />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Render file="latest-ml-model-enable" />
```

### Block AI Bots

<Render file="block-ai-bots-enable" params={{ one: "Bot Management" }} />

:::note
You can view blocked AI bot traffic via [Security Analytics](/waf/analytics/security-analytics/).
:::

### Enable AI Labyrinth

<Render file="ai-labyrinth-enable" params={{ one: "Bot Management" }} />

### Enable Javascript Detections

> Enabling [Javascript Detections](/bots/additional-configurations/javascript-detections/) validates that the browser can run javascript, and is stored in the cf.bot_management.js_detection.passed variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling [JavaScript Detections](/bots/additional-configurations/javascript-detections/) validates that the browser can run JavaScript, and is stored in the `cf.bot_management.js_detection.passed` variable.
```

<Render file="javascript-detections-enable" params={{ one: "Bot Management" }} />

> ### Deploy Default Templates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deploy default templates
```

> Cloudflare has [default templates](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/:zone/security/security-rules?template=bot_traffic) for definite bots, which we are very confident are automated (bot score 1) and likely bots that have many bot tells (bot score 2-29). In our templates, we recommend to allow verified bots like Google SEO crawler and access to static resources, which should be cached anyway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloudflare has [default templates](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/:zone/security/security-rules?template=bot_traffic) for definite bots, which have a bot score of 1, and likely bots that have a bot score of 2 to 29. In our templates, Cloudflare recommends to allow verified bots such as Google SEO Crawler and access to cached static resources.
```

Reviewer 2: I feel that the language I use here is more descriptive. Alternatively, use your language, and turn the first bot score into [bot score](https://developers.cloudflare.com/bots/concepts/bot-score/) to link to the more expansive documentation on it.

> * [Definite Bots Template](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/:zone:/security/security-rules/custom-rules/create?template=Definitely%20Bots) - Targets malicious bot traffic while ignoring verified bots and routes delivering static content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Definite Bots template](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/:zone:/security/security-rules/custom-rules/create?template=Definitely%20Bots): Targets malicious bot traffic while ignoring verified bots and routes delivering static content.
```

>     `(cf.bot_management.score eq 1 and not cf.bot_management.verified_bot and not cf.bot_management.static_resource)`

Reviewer: Might be better to switch these lines into code blocks.

Reviewer 2: Adding these to code blocks makes it harder to read because they are so long. If you can add them in such a way that there is no need to have a horizontal scrollbar, I'm all for that.

Reviewer: Yes, there should be a way to wrap the text in the code block!

> * [Likely Bots Template](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/:zone/security/security-rules/custom-rules/create?template=Likely%20Bots) Targets traffic likely to be malicious bots while ignoring verified bots and routes with static content. May contain a small amount of non-bot traffic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Likely Bots template](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/:zone/security/security-rules/custom-rules/create?template=Likely%20Bots): Targets traffic likely to be malicious bots while ignoring verified bots and routes with static content. It may contain a small amount of non-bot traffic.
```

    `(cf.bot_management.score ge 2 and cf.bot_management.score le 29 and not cf.bot_management.verified_bot and not cf.bot_management.static_resource)`

> * Optionally a [JSD Template](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/:zone/security/security-rules/custom-rules/create?template=JavaScript%20Verified%20URLs). If you toggled JSD above, then managed challenge. Make sure to add a method and URI path. JSD improves security for URLs that should only expect JavaScript enabled clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- (Optional) [JavaScript detections template](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/:zone/security/security-rules/custom-rules/create?template=JavaScript%20Verified%20URLs): If you enabled JavaScript detections, then set up a [managed challenge](/fundamentals/security/cloudflare-challenges/#managed-challenge-recommended), make sure to add a method and URI path. JavaScript detections improves security for URLs that should only expect JavaScript enabled clients.
```
